pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: two-column
permalink: /
navbar-index: 0
title: About Me
---

Formally trained as an environmental and development economist, my research ventures into an interdisciplinary territory of the intersection between natural and human systems. I am particularly interested in human responses to natural shocks in vulnerable communities and regions. My dissertation focuses on the determinants of household resilience against natural disaster shocks. Using primary survey data from post-earthquake Nepal, I empirically examine the interlink between the households' ex-post coping responses and their economic and psychosocial resilience. A chapter of my dissertation is devoted to understanding the role of social capital in fostering collective action for post-disaster rehabilitation and reconstruction efforts. My study also uses contingent valuation techniques to elicit people's pre- and post-earthquake willingness-to-pay measures for weather-indexed insurance as a mitigation strategy against potential climate shocks.

Originally from Nepal, I received my Bachelor's degree in Interdisciplinary Studies (Mathematics and Business management) and an Associate's degree in Philosophy, both from Bryn Athyn College, Pennsylvania. I also hold a Master’s degree in Economics (UNM). I am also an Adam Smith Fellow at the [Mercatus Center] [1] (George Mason University) and a Humane Studies Fellow at the [Institute of Humane Studies] [2].

The Nepalese in me finds solace in mountains and wilderness. I enjoy backpacking in the American Southwest. When ABQ temperature falls below 90, I love hiking in the Sandias, and running around Nobhill. 

Here is a link to my <a class="mark" href="files/CV.pdf">CV!</a>


[1]: https://asp.mercatus.org/people/veeshan-rayamajhee
[2]: https://theihs.org/

Commit message:

Basic edits from veeshanr, Confusion for a few hours due to Github Outage, Links added to footer, teaching, and minor edits

pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: two-column
permalink: /
navbar-index: 0
title: About Me
---

Formally trained as an environmental and development economist, my research ventures into an interdisciplinary territory of the intersection between natural and human systems. I am particularly interested in human responses to natural shocks in vulnerable communities and regions. I use econometric methods and optimal control modeling to study a variety of issues pertaining to climate change, natural disasters, environmental externalities, food security, and social capital. My research has appeared in peer-reviewed journals such as *Food Security*, *Renewable Energy*, *Journal of International Development*, and *Clinicoeconnomics and Outcomes Research*. 

Originally from Nepal, I received my Bachelor's degree in Interdisciplinary Studies (Mathematics and Business management) and an Associate's degree in Philosophy, both from Bryn Athyn College, Pennsylvania. I also hold a Master’s degree in Economics (UNM). I am also an Adam Smith Fellow at the [Mercatus Center] [1] (George Mason University) and a Humane Studies Fellow at the [Institute of Humane Studies] [2].

The Nepalese in me finds solace in mountains and wilderness. I enjoy backpacking in the American Southwest. When ABQ temperature falls below 90, I love hiking in the Sandias, and running around Nobhill. 

Here is a link to my <a class="mark" href="files/CV.pdf">CV!</a>


[1]: https://asp.mercatus.org/people/veeshan-rayamajhee
[2]: https://theihs.org/
